[skip ci] Amend coding style (#9797)
php/php-src: CODING_STANDARDS.md

    if(foo)bar;
    ```

3. When indenting, use the tab character. A tab is expected to represent four
    spaces. It is important to maintain consistency in indentation so that
    definitions, comments, and control structures line up correctly.

4. Preprocessor statements (`#if` and such) MUST start at column one. To indent
    preprocessor directives you should put the `#` at the beginning of a line,
    followed by any number of spaces.

5. The length of constant string literals should be calculated via ``strlen()``

>    instead of using ``sizeof()-1`` as it is cleared and any modern compiler

Reviewer: clearer? What does cleared mean?

Reviewer 2: Yup, looks like a typo.

>    will understand it. Legacy usages of the latter style exists within the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   will optimize it away. Legacy usages of the latter style exists within the
```

   codebase but should not be refactored, unless larger refactoring around that

>    code is taking place

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   code is taking place.
```
